+++
date = "2020-07-15T11:22:32-05:00"
title = "June 2020 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "K0RQ" ]
+++
* Meeting took place on the W0ILO Repeater system instead of in-person in response to the COVID-19 pandemic
* Meeting called to order by President Jarod W0JPJ at 19:00
* 20 stations checked in

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format; some light
editing for clarity and consistency was performed. The Secretary's original
minutes document (2020-06 Minutes.docx) may be found in the
"**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA Groupware Server](https://cloud.rrra.org/). 

---

## Consent Agenda 

### Secretary's Report

Jake K0RQ reported that last month's minutes are available on the club
cloud website. No corrections reported.

### Treasurer's Report

Lori KC0GQE reported the Treasurer's Report is available in the cloud.

### Librarian's Report

Lori KC0GQE had nothing to report.

## Regular Agenda

### Committee Reports 

#### Cass County RRRAES

Mark KK0V reported that the in-person Skywarn classes were completely
cancelled. Skywarn training is available online, links on the club
website. No update on the new ID badges. No update on AREDN as well, we
are waiting on the FCC to finalize their spectrum changes.

#### Clay RRRAES

Seth KC0ODE was not in attendance but did provide a report to Jake
K0RQ. Clay County has registered with the ARRL Volunteer Hub, Clay
County ARES members are encouraged to register. With Storm season now
here, anyone wanting to be added to the paging system contact Seth at
kc0ode@kc0ode.com. Seth also reached out to Cass County regarding ID
badges but has not heard back.

#### Technical

Bob W0HNV reported that he spoke to the manager at the Grandin site
and we are able to get access to complete repairs. Bob will work on
scheduling this out.

#### Education

Bob W0HNV reported that all classes are still on hold until further
notice.

### Hamfest

Jarod W0JPJ brought up last month's discussion as to whether or not
we should have the hamfest this year with the COVID concerns. The
club leadership has decided there will not be a hamfest this year,
and all funds will be rolled over to next year. Pete WC0G added that
leadership's decision echoes what he and the committee felt was the best
thing to do.

#### VEs

Pete WC0G reported he is trying to work on a special testing session
for people who have been wanting to test but have not been able to. The
venue would likely be outdoors and would be limited to one test per
person. Social Distancing requirements will slow how fast tests can be
corrected.

#### Media

Steve K0STK reported he uploaded an audio recording of last month's
meeting for people to check their audio quality. Meeting minutes
are also available on the website, logging into the cloud is not
necessary. Any questions about the website or listserver please contact
webmaster@rrra.org

### Old Business

#### Harwood Repeater Site

Jim N0TSZ spoke with FM Ambulance, they are going to setup a time to go
check it out. The site is essentially the club's if we want it.

#### Communications Trailer Donation from Jeff KK7IX

No update.

### New Business

#### Hamfest 2020

No further information.

#### Fargo Police Picnic

Jarod W0JPJ reported that it was previously postponed to August but has
now been cancelled.

#### Sale of Donated Equipment

Bob W0HNV has been working on selling extra equipment that had been
donated, with the proceeds to benefit the club. He is working on getting
the funds transferred from his PayPal account to the club's.

#### Foxfunt

Kent KA0LDG hosted a Foxhunting workshop last Saturday in Sabin. He is
working on scheduling another Foxhunt in a few weeks.

### Good of the Order

* Jarod W0JPJ received an email from someone who is studying for his
license and is looking for a few people to meet or meetup for Field Day.
Anyone wanting to connect with him reach out to Jarod.
* Field Day: The Sabin group will be doing their Field Day as scheduled.
The Fargo group will not be meeting as they have in the past. Pete
WC0G mentioned that the ARRL changed the rules this year such that
people could work Field Day individually but still credit their contacts
towards the club.

### Adjournment

Meeting adjourned by Jarod W0JPJ at 19:37
