+++
date = "2020-06-09T21:00:00-05:00"
title = "May 2020 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "K0RQ" ]
+++
* Meeting took place on the W0ILO Repeater system instead of in-person in response to the COVID-19 pandemic
* Meeting called to order by President Jarod W0JPJ at 19:00
* 19 stations checked in

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format; some light
editing for clarity and consistency was performed. The Secretary's original
minutes document (2020-05 Minutes.docx) may be found in the
"**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA File Server](https://cloud.rrra.org/). 

---

## Consent Agenda 

### Secretary's Report

Jake K0RQ reported that last month's minutes are available on the club
cloud website. No corrections reported.

### Treasurer's Report

Lori KC0GQE did not have the report posted in time for the meeting. It
should be posted in the next few days.

### Librarian's Report

Lori KC0GQE reported a Thank You was received from Jerry Phillips'
family as well as from DAV for the donation in honor of Kevin O'Neil.

## Regular Agenda

### Committee Reports 

#### Cass County RRRAES

Mark KK0V reported there may be a possibility of housing repeater or
AREDN gear on top of the Harwood elevator in place of fire gear that is
coming down.

#### Clay RRRAES

Seth KC0ODE was not present. Jarod W0JPJ reported that there may be
a surplus of VHF equipment with local public service organizations
replacing gear. There is a possibility the leftover gear could be
donated to the club for future repeaters.

#### Technical

Bob W0HNV reported there has been no progress on replacing the Wheatland
repeater. Some place in Western Cass County would be ideal.

#### Education

Bob W0HNV reported the West Fargo Library is still closed. No word as to
when the club may be able to hold classes there again. Jay WD0EGC added
that they were looking into streaming the technician class lessons, but
the author of the materials will not allow it.

### Hamfest

Pete WC0G reported Hamfest plans are at a standstill due to the COVID-19
pandemic. The club may not be able to hold it, at some point the club
will need to decide. Pete will find out when this must be decided.
Volunteers will be needed if plans do proceed.

#### VEs

Pete WC0G reported he has been looking into remote testing due to the
last few sessions being cancelled. An outdoor testing session may be a
possibility.

#### Media

Steve K0STK reported the website domain name was renewed. April minutes
are also available on the website, logging in through the cloud is not
needed. Links to online Skywarn training are also available on the
website. Any questions about the website or listserver please contact
webmaster@rrra.org.

### Old Business

#### Skywarn

Jarod W0JPJ mentioned that pretty much all the Skywarn dates have
been canceled. There is online Skywarn training available through the
National Weather Service.

#### Communications Trailer Donation from Jeff KK7IX

No update

### New Business

#### Possible Harwood Repeater

Jarod W0JPJ reported that Harwood Rescue is abandoning the VHF system on
top of the Harwood elevator. There is a possibility of the club adding
a repeater up there. Jarod would be willing to donate a Yaesu DR2X
repeater that he is no longer using at his repeater site.

#### Fargo Police Picnic

Jarod W0JPJ reported this has been postponed to August 11<sup>th</sup>.

### Good of the Order

* Kent KA0LDG reported several hams participated in a foxhunt on May
16<sup>th</sup>. Another one is being planned for May 30<sup>th</sup>.
More details to follow
* Anton KC0PFS asked if additional people were being added to the *I Am
Responding* app. Anyone wanting to be added should contact Seth KC0ODE
* Lori KC0GQE mentioned there is a special airing on PBS on Tuesday
evening 5/19 that is focusing on the 1957 Fargo Tornado

### Adjournment

Meeting adjourned by Jarod W0JPJ at 19:37
