+++
date = "2020-12-09T20:57:00-06:00"
title = "November 2020 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "K0RQ" ]
+++
* Meeting took place on the W0ILO Repeater system instead of in-person in response to the COVID-19 pandemic
* Meeting called to order by President Jarod W0JPJ at 19:00
* 19 stations checked in

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format; some light
editing for clarity and consistency was performed. The Secretary's original
minutes document (2020-11 Minutes.docx) may be found in the
"**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/). 

---

## Consent Agenda 

### Secretary's Report

Jake K0RQ reported that last month's minutes are available on the club
website and on the cloud website. No corrections reported.

### Treasurer's Report

Lori KC0GQE reported that the Treasurer's Report is available on the
cloud website. 

### Librarian's Report

Lori KC0GQE had nothing to report.

## Regular Agenda

### Committee Reports 

#### Cass County RRRAES

Mark KK0V reported the first batch of ID badges were sent out. The
second batch will be picked up tomorrow. Anyone interested in an ARES
badge should use the instructions on the ARES portion of the cloud
website. All members are encouraged to obtain a badge if that have not
already.

The ARRL has petitioned the FCC to reconsider their previous 3.5 GHz
rulemaking. The club will not do anything more with the buildout of
AREDN until the petition is resolved.

#### Clay RRRAES

Seth KC0ODE was not present. Jarod W0JPJ had nothing to report.

#### Technical

Kirk W0HNV has not heard anything from John Vick regarding the needed
equipment for the Grandin repeater. Installation will now have to wait
until Spring.

#### Education

Kirk W0HNV reported there are no updates on classes. There will be no
classes until the pandemic settles down. Brad KE0LDS has been teaching
classes on his own and may have some recommendations for an alternative
way of conducting classes.

### Hamfest

Pete WC0G had nothing new to report. They will start organizing after
the first of the year.

#### VEs

Pete WC0G reported that in-person testing is still on-hold. Progress is
being made on online testing. A small testing session may be available
in December, with sessions starting in-full in January. Any other VE's
that would like to be included in the online training reach out to WC0G.

#### Media

Steve K0STK's report is available on the cloud website. Meeting minutes
are always uploaded in plain text to the website and in word processor
form on the cloud website. All club members should have an account on
the cloud website. Any questions about the website or listserver please
contact webmaster@rrra.org.

### Old Business

#### KC0KAE Callsign Trustee

Jarod W0JPJ sent the needed paperwork to Anton KC0PFS. Anton will work
to complete this soon.

### New Business

#### Club Zoom Account

Jarod W0JPJ brought up the club purchasing a paid Zoom account. This
could be used for classes, online testing sessions, and eventually
club meetings. Tim K0CRF suggested FreeConferenceCall.com, it may have
a similar feature set. Pete WC0G mentioned that Zoom is the de facto
standard and is secure. Zoom is recommended by the ARRL for testing.
Cost of a Pro account is \$149.90 per year.

* Motion by Jim N0TSZ to allocate up to \$160 for a Zoom account
* Seconded by Anton KC0PFS
* Motion carried unanimously

Ken W0CZ noted the tax might be more than \$160 and recommended we not
set a dollar limit.

* Motion by Jim N0TSZ to amend the previous motion to have no limit
* Seconded by Ken W0CZ
* Motion carried unanimously

### Good of the Order

* Pete WC0G brought up that dues are coming up soon and asked how to
handle those. Lori KC0GQE confirmed that payments can be mailed to the
PO box. A few members paid via Paypal last year. Club Officers will
arrange for Paypal to be used this time around

* Lori KC0GQE asked about a December meeting since there will not
be a Christmas Party. A December meeting will be held December
15<sup>th</sup> at 7pm for anyone able to attend

### Adjournment

Meeting adjourned by Jarod W0JPJ at 19:42
