+++
date = "2020-11-15T13:55:00-06:00"
title = "October 2020 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "K0RQ" ]
+++
* Meeting took place on the W0ILO Repeater system instead of in-person in response to the COVID-19 pandemic
* Meeting called to order by President Jarod W0JPJ at 19:00
* 20 stations checked in

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format; some light
editing for clarity and consistency was performed. The Secretary's original
minutes document (2020-10 Minutes.docx) may be found in the
"**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/). 

---

## Consent Agenda 

### Secretary's Report

Jake K0RQ reported that last month's minutes are available on the
club website and on the cloud website. Steve K0STK submitted a few
corrections, Jake will correct.

### Treasurer's Report

Lori KC0GQE reported that the Treasurer's Report is available on the
cloud website. Jarod W0JPJ noted an error, Lori will correct.

### Librarian's Report

Lori KC0GQE had nothing to report.

## Regular Agenda

### Committee Reports 

#### Cass County RRRAES

Mark KK0V reported that Seth KC0ODE is talking with Greg Gust at the
National Weather Services and making sure they still consider us a
resource, given their changes as an organization. KK0V also communicated
with Mark Stien NY0W, Section Emergency Coordinator, regarding the
ARRL Simulated Emergency Test in October. Members are encouraged
to participate in the Great Shake Out (shakeout.org). Information
is forthcoming. There is also Winlink training that has been made
available by Rich Budd W0TF, section manager. Mark noted there are lots
of different virtual classes being offered through the ARRL; they are
significantly expanding on this effort.

#### Clay RRRAES

Seth KC0ODE was not present. Jarod W0JPJ reported Clay ARES has not been
very active. Mike Heiler NY0MN is looking to step down as Northwest
Minnesota District Emergency Coordinator. Reach out to Joe KC0JCR (MN
Section ARES Coordinator) or Jarod if interested.

#### Technical

Kirk W0HNV has the Grandin repeater exciter and controller on the bench
and is continuing to troubleshoot it. He is procuring replacement
equipment. Kirk also mentioned that KD0UNI is moving ND Traffic Net to
3.853 MHz at 5pm starting November 1<sup>st</sup>.

#### Education

Kirk W0HNV reported there will be no in-person classes for the
foreseeable future. There are online offerings through other
organizations, the club may look at their own offering if this situation
continues.

### Hamfest

Pete WC0G had nothing new to report. They will start organizing after
the first of the year.

#### VEs

Pete WC0G reported that the November test session has been canceled.
They are hoping to begin training in the next week on remote testing via
HamExam and Zoom. He will put out an announcement once online testing is
ready.

#### Media

Steve K0STK's report is available on the cloud website. Meeting minutes
are always uploaded in plain text to the website and in word processor
form on the cloud website. There is also a list of nets on the website,
including the updated ND Traffic Net. Steve also completed the Christmas
Party survey. Any questions about the website or listserver please
contact <webmaster@rrra.org>.

### Old Business

#### Club Christmas Party

Club Christmas Party: A SurveyMonkey survey was conducted by Steve
K0STK. Given the results and the increase in COVID cases locally, it was
decided to forgo the Christmas Party this year.

##### Survey Results:

1. Would you attend a club Christmas Party during 2020?
* Yes - 41.18% (14)
* No - 58.82% (20)

2. Should we hold a club party if not all members are able to attend?
* Yes - 56.25% (18)
* No - 43.75% (14)

3. Are you an RRRA member?
* Yes - 96.97% (32)
* No - 3.03% (1)

### New Business

#### W0ILO Trustee Change/MN Repeater Council Coordination

This has been an ongoing discussion, as Joe N0RF no longer wants to
be the trustee. Jarod W0JPJ submitted the proper paperwork and that
has been processed by the FCC. Jarod W0JPJ is now the trustee of the
W0ILO call sign. Jarod also received a request for updated repeater
information from the MN Repeater Council and submitted that information
back to the council.

#### KC0KAE trustee change

Jarod W0JPJ is working with Anton KC0PFS to get the paperwork submitted
to make him the trustee. They hope to have this completed soon. Joe N0RF
is still the trustee of this callsign for the time being.

### Good of the Order

* Jim N0TSZ asked what the cost was of the equipment needed to fix the
Grandin repeater. Kirk W0HNV has indicated that John Vick (repeater
vendor) has not wanted anything in exchange for the equipment. Jarod
W0JPJ indicated the club would be more than willing to reimburse him for
the cost of the equipment should he wish

* Kent KA0LDG mentioned that there is information on the front page of
the RRRA website regarding the Notice of Proposed Rule Making (NPRM)
about Amateur Radio License fees. Comments are due to the FCC by
November 16<sup>th</sup>. Members are encouraged to submit comments to
the FCC, regardless of their viewpoint on this subject

### Adjournment

Meeting adjourned by Jarod W0JPJ at 19:35
