+++
date = "2020-10-14T22:51:00-05:00"
title = "September 2020 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "K0RQ" ]
+++
* Meeting took place on the W0ILO Repeater system instead of in-person in response to the COVID-19 pandemic
* Meeting called to order by President Jarod W0JPJ at 19:00
* 15 stations checked in

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format; some light
editing for clarity and consistency was performed. The Secretary's original
minutes document (2020-09 Minutes.docx) may be found in the
"**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/). 

---

## Consent Agenda 

### Secretary's Report

Jake K0RQ reported that last month's minutes are available https://rrra.org/minutes
and at https://cloud.rrra.org. Some corrections reported.

### Treasurer's Report

Lori KC0GQE reported the Treasurer's Report is available at https://cloud.rrra.org

### Librarian's Report

Lori KC0GQE had nothing to report.

## Regular Agenda

### Committee Reports 

#### Cass County RRRAES

Brad KE0LDS reported there still discussions on the AREDN system and how
to move forward with it. Brad also is considering a potential deployment
drill in the future.

#### Clay RRRAES

Jarod W0JPJ reported that FM Ambulance was looking at donating radios to
the club. Contact Jarod or Seth KC0ODE for more information.

#### Technical

Bob W0HNV reported that repairs are still needed at the Grandin site,
hopefully this can be done before Winter.

#### Education

Bob W0HNV reported that Rich Bud W0TF sent info for a software-based
Technician class. It's clunky but could be used as a stopgap until
classes resume. It's likely that classes will not resume until 2021.
Club storage was moved to the new indoor facility.

### Hamfest

Pete WC0G reported they will resume Hamfest planning after the
1<sup>st</sup> of the year.

#### VEs

Pete WC0G reported that all VE sessions are still on hold. Small
sessions can be arranged upon request.

#### Media

Steve K0STK's report is available at https://cloud.rrra.org. Meeting
minutes are published as HTML at rrra.org and in word processor format
at cloud.rrra.org. Please contact webmaster@rrra.org with any questions
about RRRA online services.

### Old Business

#### Club Christmas Party

With the increasing numbers of COVID cases there is question as to
whether the Christmas party should take place. Steve K0STK will put out
a SurveyMonkey survey to gather more information and discuss further at
next month's meeting.

### New Business

No new business

### Good of the Order

### Adjournment

Meeting adjourned by Jarod W0JPJ at 19:23
