+++
date = "2021-09-15T11:25:00-05:00"
title = "August 2021 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "K0RQ" ]
+++
* Meeting called to order by President Jarod W0JPJ at 19:00
* 26 members in attendence
* Moment of silence was held for Mark Swartzell AA0CX and Alyssa Cary, Dale WD0AKO's daughter

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format; some light
editing for clarity and consistency was performed. The Secretary's original
minutes document (2021-08 Minutes.docx) may be found in the
"**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/). 

---

## Consent Agenda 

### Secretary's Report

Jake K0RQ reported that last month's minutes are available on the club
website and on the cloud website. No corrections reported.

* Motion to approve by James AB0W
* Seconded by Mark KC0SHM
* Motion carried unanimously

### Treasurer's Report

Lori KC0GQE reported that the Treasurer's Report is available on the
cloud website.

* Motion to approve by Kent KA0LDG
* Seconded by W0CZ
* Motion carried unanimously

The storage unit rent that was approved last month is not due until
February.

### Librarian's Report

Lori KC0GQE had nothing to report.

## Regular Agenda

### Standing Committee Reports 

#### Cass County ARES

Mark KK0V reported that he uploaded a document to the cloud website with
the information discussed at the ARES meeting. Items referred to Club
Leadership were added to New Business.

#### Clay ARES

Seth KC0ODE reported there will be a club Simulated Emergency Test (SET)
on August 21<sup>st</sup>. Jarod W0JPJ added that Erik Westgard N9YD,
who does a lot with portable data networks, will typically travel to
hamfests and present. He may reach out to him regarding a presentation
at a future meeting or at the hamfest. Seth has reached out to Amanda at
Cass County to get a full list of members who have ID badges and to see
who still needs them.

#### Technical

Kirk W0HNV was not present. Jake K0RQ mentioned the Moorhead VHF
repeater has been repaired. The Grandin repeater is still off the air.

#### Education

Kirk W0HNV was not present. Jay WS0Y reported there are plans for a
Technician and General class this fall. Jay expressed concern about the
FCC license fees going into effect next year and getting new hams into
the hobby.

### Hamfest

Pete WC0G reported the hamfest is still on. Volunteers are still needed,
especially day of. ARRL will be hosting a Wouff Hong Friday night of the
hamfest. There will be a hamfest meeting next week via Zoom. Steve K0STK
discussed the open volunteer positions and carried a volunteer sign-up
sheet around the meeting room.

* Motion to cancel all hamfests after 2021 if we do not get enough volunteers
 for the 2021 Hamfest and raise dues to \$125 by Steve K0STK
* Seconded, and then rescinded, by Mark KK0V
* Motion was tabled following suggsestion by Brad KE0LDS

Tickets for the hamfest are being
[sold online](https://buytickets.at/redriverradioamateurs).
Anyone interested in helping at the hamfest should contact
hamfest@rrra.org

#### VEs

Pete WC0G reported there will be pre-registration for VE testing on the
club website. Testing after the club meetings will start back up in
January 2022.

#### Media

Steve K0STK's report is available on the cloud website and showed where
it is located on the cloud website. Anyone with a new email address
can subscribe the new address or login the services and update it
yourself. Any questions about the website or listserver please contact
webmaster@rrra.org.

### Old Business

#### Fargo Marathon

The marathon is the same day as the hamfest. This creates conflicts with
both volunteers and the repeater. Jarod W0JPJ and Andy KD0IOE discussed
and decided to use W0ILO (145.350/444.875) since it has VHF and UHF.
Hamfest talk-in will move to W0RRW (146.970), and periodic reminders
will go on out W0ILO for those wanting to talk-in. Most volunteers will
be needed between 8a-10am. A majority of activity should be done by
noon. 15 volunteers are needed for the marathon. anyone interested in
helping should subscribe to marathon@lists.rrra.org

#### AREDN Committee

This committee has been formed, with Brad KE0LDS and Jim N0TSZ as
chairs.

#### Christmas Party

This has been scheduled for December 1<sup>st</sup> at 5:00 Pizza
Ranch on 45<sup>th</sup> Street in Fargo. There will once again be a
collection for donations to the food bank.

### New Business

#### Sunday Night Net

Jake K0RQ brought up that participation in the Sunday Night VHF/UHF
net is dwindling. He would like to explore ways the club can get more
check-ins, including potentially moving the net to another date/time.
Jake will send a Survey Monkey survey out and gather input so a decision
can be made next month.

#### Emergency Trailer

Mark KK0V has asked the club to take over the club's EM trailer.
Concurring costs are minimal. Mark KC0SHM asked if the club's 501(c)(3)
status would exclude the club from paying tax on the transaction. This
will be tabled until exact costs can be determined.

#### Technical Committee Chair Replacement

Jarod W0JPJ brought up there was discussion for lightening Kirk
W0HNV's workload. Someone to help take some of Kirk's duties should be
identified.

#### Fargo Police Picnic

### Good of the Order

#### Club Participation

Jarod brought up the lack of participation in the club. Any ideas
to garner more participation in events are welcome. Brad suggested
giving new hams a duty in the club. Mark KC0SHM brought up one on one
conversations and having more fun events to get people's attention. Kent
suggested moving business meetings to quarterly instead of monthly.
Discussion was tabled to next month's meeting.

#### Objibwe Forests Rally

August 27<sup>th</sup> and 28<sup>th</sup>. Volunteers are needed.

#### LDS Preparedness Fair Sept 11<sup>th</sup>

KD0SBW is giving a presentation on raising chickens, but there will
also be discussion on emergency and solar power. Brad KE0LDS will need
assistance getting the EM trailer out there.

### Adjournment

* Motion to adjourn by Mark KC0SHM
* Seconded by Seth KC0ODE
* Meeting adjourned at 20:32
