+++
date = "2021-03-15T00:25:00-05:00"
title = "February 2021 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "K0RQ" ]
+++
* Meeting took place on Zoom instead of in-person in response to the COVID-19 pandemic
* Meeting called to order by President Jarod W0JPJ at 19:05, February 16, 2021
* 24 members in attendence

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format; some light
editing for clarity and consistency was performed. The Secretary's original
minutes document (2021-02 Minutes.docx) may be found in the
"**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/). 

---

## Consent Agenda 

### Secretary's Report

Jake K0RQ reported that last month's minutes are available on the club
website and on the cloud website. There were a total of 28 views of the
minutes online.

### Treasurer's Report

Lori KC0GQE reported that the Treasurer's Report is available on the
cloud website. 

### Librarian's Report

Lori KC0GQE had nothing to report.

## Regular Agenda

### Standing Committee Reports 

#### Cass County ARES

Mark KK0V reported that the likelihood of a flood this spring is
extremely low given the lack of snow. There are rolling brownouts and
blackouts all over the country due to the storms in Texas. Everyone
should be prepared to have brief outages. All ID badges have been
distributed, anyone still in need of a badge should follow the
instructions on the RRRA cloud website. Matt Holden K0BBC is holding an
ARES webinar this Saturday.

#### Clay ARES

Seth KC0ODE was not present. Jarod W0JPJ reported the local emergency
managers did note of the clubs help with the equipment issue in West
Fargo. The club also received donated equipment from Clay County,
including some repeater equipment, UPS's, equipment racks, and
networking equipment.

#### Technical

Kirk W0HNV reported he just finished working on the Grandin repeater and
it is ready to install once weather is favorable.

#### Education

Kirk W0HNV reported classes are still on hold. The Maple Grove radio
club has run virtual license classes and he is looking into working with
them on an alternative.

### Hamfest

Pete WC0G reported he is just getting started on organizing the
hamfest. The space is confirmed at the fairgrounds. The Hamfest is also
registered with the ARRL. There will not be any league speakers this
year due to the pandemic. Anyone wanting to help should sign up to the
Hamfest listserve.

#### VEs

Pete WC0G reported that several club VEs will be helping with the Maple
Grove Radio Club's test sessions. RRRA's first online test session is
February 25<sup>th</sup>. There are still slots available, contact Pete
to get registered. The club will likely use the Exam Tools online system
for in-person sessions when those start back up.

#### Media

Steve K0STK's report is available on the cloud website. Meeting minutes
are always uploaded in plain text to the website and in word processor
form on the cloud website. All club members should have an account on
the cloud website. Any questions about the website or mailing lists
please contact webmaster@rrra.org. There were a lot of messages on the
main RRRA mailing list last month, everyone should subscribe if they
have not already. As of last night, there were 24 dues renewals
completed online.

### Old Business

#### 2021 Club Dues

Dues should have been paid by the start of the meeting to participate in
elections.

#### Election Results

| Office          | Winning Candidate    |
| --------------- | -------------------- |
| President       | Jarod Jacobsen W0JPJ |
| Vice President  | Anton O'Neil KC0PFS  |
| Secretary       | Jake Bechtold K0RQ   |
| Treasurer       | Lori Kruft KC0GQE    |
| Member At Large | Don Galitz KC0DCF    |

Kent KA0LDG organized the elections. Voting was conducted via Zoom.

### New Business

#### Standing Committee Updates

It was pointed out that the club bylaws list several more standing
committees that the club presently does not have. Missing is a
Finance Committee, Membership Committee, Packet BBS Committee, and a
Publications Committee. Jarod W0JPJ suggested the club modify the bylaws
to update this. Mark KC0SHM noted that a change of the bylaws would
require modification of the 501(c)(3) and incorporation paperwork. This
will be resolved at a later time.

#### Weather Tap Renewal

Lori KC0GQE received the bill for WeatherTap for the year for $159. The
club pays the bill and the county reimburses the club. It is used for
Skywarn.

* Motion to approve the purchase by Mark KC0SHM
* Seconded by Don KC0DCF
* Motion carried unanimously

### Good of the Order

* W5WYO donated an antenna analyzer to the club
* Tim K0CRF announced an SKCC event with K8AQM May 23<sup>rd</sup>-24<sup>th</sup>
* Kent KA0LDG will start hosting foxhunts once the weather warms up

### Adjournment

* Motion to adjourn by Don KC0DCF
* Seconded by Anton KC0PFS

Meeting adjourned at 20:25
