+++
date = "2021-02-13T19:43:00-06:00"
title = "January 2021 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "K0RQ" ]
+++
* Meeting took place on Zoom instead of in-person in response to the COVID-19 pandemic
* Meeting called to order by President Jarod W0JPJ at 19:05, January 19, 2021
* 16 members in attendence

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format; some light
editing for clarity and consistency was performed. The Secretary's original
minutes document (2021-01 Minutes.docx) may be found in the
"**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/). 

---

## Consent Agenda 

### Secretary's Report

Jake K0RQ reported that last month's minutes are available on the club
website and on the cloud website. There were 69 views of this report
from the Website and Facebook.

* Mottion to accept the report as written Kent KA0LDG 
* Seconded by Pete WC0G
* Motion carried unanimously

### Treasurer's Report

Lori KC0GQE reported that the Treasurer's Report is available on the
cloud website. 

* Motion to accept as written Jim N0TSZ 
* Seconded by Bob W0HNV 
* Motion carried unanimously

### Librarian's Report

Lori KC0GQE had nothing to report.

## Regular Agenda

### Standing Committee Reports 

#### Cass County ARES

Mark KK0V was not present. There was no report.

#### Clay ARES

Seth KC0ODE was not present but pass along that he is now the NW
District Emergency Coordinator for Minnesota, taking NY0MN's old
position. Jarod W0JPJ reported there could be potential civil unrest
tomorrow with the inauguration and agencies are preparing for it.

#### Technical

Kirk W0HNV reported the new Grandin repeater arrived. Some wiring will
need to be redone before it is put in place. It won't be installed until
Spring.

#### Education

Kirk W0HNV reported the West Fargo Library is open but not available for
classes. Once the pandemic is under control classes will start back up.

### Hamfest

Pete WC0G reported that he and Tiny WB0BIN have started the beginning
stages of planning. He has been talking with Lynn Nelson W0ND and will
ask that our hamfest be the division convention again. Email Pete if
interested in being a volunteer. The Fargo Marathon is also scheduled
for that same date, so there could be potential issues with volunteers
that day. The hamfest will be taking place September 25<sup>th</sup> as
originally scheduled.

#### VEs

Pete WC0G reported the club is about ready to start online tests, he is
working out a few last details. The Maple Grove club has agreed to help
us do testing once we get rolling. It has not been determined if the VE
team will be required to collect the new FCC license fee once that goes
into effect or if the FCC will collect that on their own.

#### Media

Steve K0STK's report is available on the cloud website. Meeting minutes
are always uploaded in plain text to the website and in word processor
form on the cloud website. All club members should have an account on
the cloud website. Any questions about the website or listserver please
contact webmaster@rrra.org.

### Old Business

#### I Am Responding Renewal 

Lori KC0GQE got this renewed.

#### Grandin Repeater

See Bob's report above. There was discussion about giving John Vick free
hamfest tables for life.

### New Business

#### Club Dues

Club dues are due this month. Members can pay online via Paypal this
year in addition to mailing in a check. So far 13 members have paid dues
online.

#### Club Elections

Kent KA0LDG will organize elections for next month. Contact him if you
would like to run for a position.

### Good of the Order

* Ted Rachwal K8AQM, a Straight Key Century Club (SKCC) board member, is
planning on operating from the NDSU W0HSC station in mid-May. Details
will be forthcoming for anyone may be interested in meeting with him.

### Adjournment

* Motion to adjourn by Ken W0CZ 
* Seconded by Bob W0HNV

Meeting adjourned at 19:44
