+++
date = "2021-12-14T09:07:00-06:00"
title = "November 2021 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "K0RQ" ]
+++
* Meeting called to order by President Jarod W0JPJ at 19:00 on November 16, 2021
* 23 members in attendence

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format; some light
editing for clarity and consistency was performed. The Secretary's original
minutes document (2021-11 Minutes.docx) may be found in the
"**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/). 

---

## Consent Agenda 

### Secretary's Report, Treasurer's Report, and Librarians Report 

Pete WC0G noted there was a discrepancy with Hamfest numbers; Pete and
Lori KC0GQE are \$400 off. There is no actual money missing, so it
is likely an accounting error. Pete and Lori will meet afterward to
determine where the error is.

* Motion to approve all three reports by Brad KE0LDS
* Seconded by Mark KC0SHM
* Motion carried unanimously

## Regular Agenda

### Standing Committee Reports 

#### ARES

Seth KC0ODE's full report is on the cloud website. Last month there were
80 participants, 5 nets, total of 49 hours. October was quiet.

#### Technical

Kirk W0HNV reported that Jake K0RQ and Andy KD0IOE went up to the MSUM
site and worked on the issue with the howl. The intermittent howl on VHF
is still there, though the issue has gotten better. A trip will need
to be made while it is malfunctioning. No progress has been made on
Grandin.

#### Education

Kirk W0HNV reported Jay WS0Y is working on the revised class materials
to be presented online. He is adding an audio supplement to the slides
for people to access at their convenience. Jay wants to make the class
totally virtual since testing is virtual as well. Technician class
materials are complete, Jay would like a few users to beta test it
before it goes public. Steve K0STK recommended having it hosted by the
club and making it part of the club website.

#### Hamfest

Pete WC0G reported the 2022 Hamfest is registered with the ARRL. Lynn
W0ND requested that the hamfest be the Dakota Division Convention once
again.

#### VE

Pete WC0G reported there has not been any testing done as there hasn't
been any demand. There is a lot of in-person testing going on region
wide, so online demand has been dwindling.

#### Media

Steve K0STK's report is available on the cloud website. Everyone who
has not already should be subscribe to the club mailing lists via
lists.rrra.org. Any questions about the website or listserver please
contact webmaster@rrra.org.

### Old Business

#### AREDN Report

Brad KE0LDS presented the AREDN committee's findings that were presented
at last month's ARES meeting. Brad made the following motions on behalf
of the committee

* No further club funds be spent on expansion of the current microwave
mesh network and that any necessary maintenance expenses be approved by
the club.
* The existing system be kept in place and that it be open for use by
licensed amateur licensees for use and experimentation.
* The Club President appoint one or more persons to contact those who
have given funds to the Mesh network and advise them of the decision to
not expand the network.
* Offer to reimburse, on a pro-rated basis, the funds expended to date
to any donor who requests such reimbursement.

* Motions seconded by Mark KC0SHM 
* Motions carried unanimously

Seth KC0ODE wants to ensure Fargo Public Safety and the LEC are
connected to the network; this can be accomplished with gear the club
already has.

#### New Meeting Format

Jarod W0JPJ discussed previously going to 4 business meetings a year,
in February, May, August, and November. All other meetings would be
a formal event, educational session, or other informal event. Bylaws
require monthly meetings; this will be tabled until the bylaws can be
looked at.

#### Hamfest

This was tabled by Jarod W0JPJ.

#### Zoom Renewal

This was approved last month but needs to be moved to the club Paypal
account. Jarod W0JPJ, Lori KC0GQE, and Steve K0STK will sort out the
club Paypal account after the meeting

#### Christmas Party

December 1<sup>st</sup> 5pm at Pizza Ranch. As per tradition, please
bring a non-perishable item or money for the Dorothy Day house in honor
of Dr. Covey.

#### Dues Increase Motion

Steve K0STK noted that simply doubling dues would cover the money made
from the Hamfest. He retracted his tabled motion but added that the club
should not be relying on a volunteer driven event as its main source of
income. He recommended the club determine the yearly income and expenses
and re-align itself such that it is not dependent on the Hamfest.

### New Business

#### Membership For New Licensees

Brad KE0LDS brought up the confusion on the club member application
where is says New Licensee, it doesn't clarify they need to take one
of the club's classes. Brad suggested clarifying the wording on the
application or changing the bylaws to open the free membership to all
new licensees. Seth KC0ODE brought up there has been a lot of discussion
of updating bylaws. 

* Motion by Seth KC0ODE that Jarod W0JPJ appoint a committee to
study the feasibility of updating the bylaws, and identify all portions
of the bylaws the club wants to modify
* Seconded by Pete WC0G seconded
*  Mark KC0SHM noted that a lawyer will need to be involved, as it will impact the
club's 501(c)(3) status
* Motion carried unanimously

Jarod appointed Seth as Chair, Lori KC0GQE, Kent KA0LDG, and himself.
Anyone else interested in participating can contact Jarod.

#### Merit Badge University

Brad KE0LDS is teaching a radio merit badge university on Saturday at
MSUM. Brad would like to have the kids visit a more elaborate ham shack
as part of the course, anyone is interested in helping please contact
Brad. They will also use the repeater to demonstrate usage. Members are
encouraged to make contact with students when they are on the air.

### Good of the Order

* Previous Hams Of The Year will meet to award a new Ham of The Year.
Pete WC0G has the traveling tube.

### Adjournment

* Motion to adjourn by Jim N0TSZ
* Seconded by Kirk W0HNV
* Meeting adjourned at 19:58
