+++
date = "2024-06-17T18:38:18-05:00"
title = "May 2024 Business Meeting Minutes"
toc = "true"
authors = [ "KE0PJR" ]
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
tags = []
+++
* Meeting Called to order by Jake K0RQ at 19:00
* 30 Members in attendance
<!--more-->

{{< banner >}}
The Secretary's original minutes document (2024-05 Minutes.md) may be
found in the "**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**"
folder on the
[RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/).
{{< /banner >}}

## Consent Agenda

* Motion to approve by Seth KC0ODE 
* Seconded by Mark KC0SHM 
* Motion passes unanimously

### Secretary's Report

* No Corrections

### Treasurer's Report

* No report

### Librarian's Report

* No Report

## Regular Agenda

### Standing Committee Reports

#### ARES

Seth KCØODE reports that MNVOAD wants 8 volunteers, looking for a young
man who disappeared in 2016 near Red Lake, Minnesota. June 3rd. On site
by 8:30 am, June 3rd. Meeting place Red Lake humanities building, there
will be a mandatory 2 hour training session for the volunteers. Email
Seth KC0ODE@hotmail.com to volunteer.

#### Technical

Jake K0RQ reports they are still working on getting Buffalo and Grandin
online. Working with on site for scheduling. Hoping to have Buffalo
repeater online by end of summer. Noise issue still persists at the
Grandin site.

Andy KD0IOE asks if anyone has issues with the main W0ILO repeater. No
issues reported.

#### Education

Kirk W0HNV reports there is a new class available for extra class. There
is a book you can purchase with comes with access to online licenses.
Cost is $44.99 for book and online lessons. There are 10 chapters and 48
lessons. Hamradioschool.com Email communications with more information
will come soon.

#### Hamfest

Anton KC0PFS reports that the hamfest committee observed the Grand Forks
Hamfest, and are lining up seminars for our Hamfest. The start time
will be moved to 9:00am, with testing being first thing at 8:00am. The
committee is looking for prizes as well.

#### VE

Pete WC0G reports there was a recent testing session, both testers got
their technician license. If you would like to test, get ahold of Pete
or an officer in the club and we can line up a testing session. The
Extra question pool changes June 30th 2024. Pete WC0G states that the
changes are typically minor, a few questions change slightly.

#### Media and Publications

Steve K0STK reports that his report is in the publications committee
folder in the RRRA cloud. Our web site now has a dark mode available
as well. You should be getting an email every Friday, if not, please
talk to Steve K0STK.

### Old Business

#### Tablets for license testing

Eric KE0PJR states there are still no spare devices, unfortunately.

### New Business

#### Fargo Marathon: Andy KDØIOE

Andy KD0IOE states the Marathon is June 1st. We have a full roster
of volunteers this year. W0ILO will be the primary repeater, backup
repeaters will be communicated over email.

### Good of the order

* Fargo Police Picnic June 26th 17:30 to 19:30

* West Fargo Night to Unite Aug 6, 17:00 to 20:00

* A gentleman in Moorhead purchased a house recently, and would like to
get rid of a 40 or so foot self supported tower to someone who would use
it. If someone would like to investigate, contact Jake K0RQ.

* Steve K0STK setup a testing@rrra.org email, which forwards to Pete WC0G

## Adjournment

* Motion to adjourn by Seth KC0ODE
* Seconded by Lance WAØLIA
* Motion passes 29 in favor, 1 against.
* Meeting Adjourned at 19:34
