+++
date = "2024-01-10T21:21:00-06:00"
title = "November 2023 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "KE0PJR" ]
+++
* Meeting Called to  order by Jake K0RQ at 19:00
* 24 Members in attendance
<!--more-->

{{< banner >}}
The Secretary's original minutes document (2023-11 Minutes.md) may be
found in the "**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**"
folder on the [RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/).
{{< /banner >}}

## Consent Agenda

### Secretary's Report

No Corrections

### Treasurer's Report

No Corrections

### Librarian's Report

No Report

#### Jake K0RQ entertains a motion to approve the Secretary, Treasurer, and Librarian's reports

* Motion to approve by Pete WC0G
* Seconded by Gary KC0ARB

## Regular Agenda

### Standing Committee Reports

#### ARES

No report

#### Technical

Kirk W0HNV reports the Grandin repeater site had a fire, in the middle
section of the building. This fire was no where near our equipment. The
site is open normal hours every day. The repeater system in Grandin had
a terrible noise when keying up. The spare repeater exhibited the same
problem, so more testing is required.

#### Education

Kirk W0HNV asks the club if anyone is interested in taking the Extra
class. Kirk W0HNV will setup a potential class, 10 to 13 weeks long.
Ideally starting early January. There will also be a Technician class
coming up soon, details to be determined. There needs to be at least
2 people interested for the class to happen. Hamradioschool.com has a
course for Tech.

#### Hamfest

Steve K0STK reports everything went well. If we want to get corporate
sponsorships, we need to start that process now.

#### VE

Pete WC0G reports ham fest went well, not much interest in tests
recently.

#### Media

Steve K0STK reports that everyone should be getting an email every
Friday with updates of what is new on the website. If not, see Steve
K0STK for help.

### Old Business

#### Tablets for license testing

Eric KE0PJR requests someone to help write the request to Cass County
for Microsoft Surface devices. Eric KE0PJR reports that Cass County has
some devices in the scrap pile, that we will ask to be repurposed or
donated to our club.

#### New Sunday Night Net Coordinator

Kirk W0HNV will take over net coordination, on the condition that Jake
K0RQ or Andy KD0IOE take over technical.

### New Business

#### 2024 Elections: February meeting, election coordinator will be needed

Jake K0RQ requests someone to take on the role of election coordinator.
We have several positions up for election, from President, VP,
Secretary, Treasurer, and a Member at large. If someone does not
volunteer, Jake K0RQ will appoint someone to the position.

#### Membership Renewals

Jake K0RQ reminds the club that membership renewals are up in January!
Remember to renew online, or talk to Lori KC0GQE

#### W0CZ Radio Donations

Kent KA0LDG and Kirk W0HNV are facilitating the sale of donated radios.
Club would get the proceeds from this sale. The equipment for sale is
high quality stuff, that is worth more than $500, so Kent KA0LDG is
looking for thoughts on the best way to sell the equipment.

Kirk W0HNV is willing to advertise the equipment on sites where the
possibility someone will buy it is much higher than at an event like
Hamfest.

Ebay has some considerations for seller safety, and we are considering
to sell on QRZ rather than Ebay.

Steve K0STK suggest we post on our website for 30 days, and send out
emails. After that time period, the equipment left over will be sold
online. Items will have a minimum price.

There was brief discussion asking if there are any nearby active
organizations to donate equipment to. No one present was aware of any.

### Good of the order

#### Jingle Bell Run

12/2/23 - Lori KC0GQE

#### Christmas Party

12/7/23 5:30pm Dilworth Pizza Ranch

Please bring a donation to the Dorothy Day house.

## Adjournment

* Motion to adjourn by Kirk W0HNV
* Seconded by Pete WC0G Motion passes unanimously.
* Meeting Adjourned at 19:34
