+++
date = "2024-02-04T14:20:00-06:00"
title = "What Is The Right Mode For Emergency Communications?"
slug = "what-is-the-right-mode-for-emergency-communications"
authors = [ "VK6FLAB" ]
categories = [ "" ]
tags = [ "Podcast" ]
+++
Amateur radio is an activity that falls between two camps, those who think of
it as a service and those who approach it as a hobby.

I think that the notion of amateur radio as a service is often repeated, but
in my time as part of this community, I've seen little evidence of actual
service. That said, the idea of amateur radio as a service is often linked to
emergency communications, for example, a phrase used by the Wireless Institute
of Australia is "Amateur Radio - A Trusted Partner in Emergency Response" on a
page outlining the long and fabled history of our hobby in service to the
community in times of emergency, mind you, none of them in the past decade.
<!--more-->

If we look at the idea of amateur radio as an emergency response, what does
that look like today and how might we best be of service?

The question that prompted this discussion centred around the best mode to use
for emergency communications and was presented in the context of a tool that
links HF radio with email, but is that really the best way to communicate in
an emergency?

I mean, picture this, you're on a boat in the middle of the ocean, it's the
small hours of the morning, you're asleep, and your boat just sailed into a
submerged container and now you're sinking, so the first thing you do is, fire
up your laptop, your radio, and link the two to send an email over HF to get
help?

Alternatively, your community has just been hit by a natural disaster and the
power grid went down, and the first thing you do is use as much battery hungry
complex technology as possible to get the word out?

So, until we can send email or a short message directly from our amateur radio
transceiver, and I have no doubt that some bright spark is working on that,
there are better ways to make contact in case of an emergency.

From a mode perspective, at the bottom of the pile is Morse code. I say
bottom, not because it's a poor way of communicating, but it doesn't require
much in order to get working. You could essentially use a car battery and
splatter your emergency communications around. One downside is that you'd need
to learn Morse code and while you're in the middle of an emergency is probably
not the best time.

If you're on a sinking boat in the middle of the ocean, you're likely going to
use a HF radio, or an emergency beacon, or even a satellite phone, but if
you're on land, dry or not, and if you're not an amateur, your best bet is to
find a 27 MHz AM Citizen's Band radio, so you can make enough noise to have
people come and find you.

The reality, more likely than not, is that emergency services are outside the
danger zone waiting for authorities to permit entry.

It should be clear by now that there are several levels of emergency
communications before we get to amateur radio. That said, if you have an
amateur radio, then you're likely going to use voice communications over SSB
on HF or FM on VHF or UHF.

Now you might ask about communications going the other way, from outside the
emergency zone, where power and sunshine are plentiful, where you can use a
computer without issues. Only thing is that if it's all peaches, why are you
attempting to link your radio to HF when on the balance of probability there's
a mobile phone sitting in your pocket?

A couple of months ago there was a 12 hour network outage at one of the two
main telephone networks affecting nearly 40% of the population of Australia.
It was recently revealed that during that time almost 2,700 people could not
call emergency services on either their mobile or land-line, let alone use the
Internet.

You could argue that this is an actual emergency, but is amateur radio really
the vehicle for making contact? I mean, you're trying to call emergency
services, your phone isn't working, so rather than use a telephone on another
network, you go and find your nearest radio amateur and ask them to call for
an ambulance, on their HF radio?

Where does this leave us?

In my opinion, the notion that your shack is going to be used for emergency
response is fanciful. That's not to say that there isn't a place for radio
amateurs. Far from it.

If you really want to be of service, learn how to operate your radio well,
make a plan to work through if you hear a distress call while you monitor
emergency HF frequencies, visit the local emergency services to see if they
offer training for radio amateurs and make yourself available in case of
emergency and you're more likely to be of service than if you sat in your
shack polishing your valves.

If you're so inclined, planning for the next emergency, start asking
questions. Find out what the plans are for your emergency AM broadcast
network, learn how things might break and perhaps then you might consider
amateur radio as a service to the community, just not in the way you might
have thought.

Next time I'll explore the reality of amateur radio as an emergency response.

I'm Onno VK6FLAB

{{< audio "http://podcasts.itmaze.com.au/foundations/20240204.foundations-of-amateur-radio.mp3" "Download the podcast" >}}

{{< banner >}}
***Editors Note:***

This is the transcript of an epsode of the weekly *Foundations of
Amateur Radio* podcast.

:information_source: [Listen on-line or subscribe to this podcast](https://podcasts.vk6flab.com/podcasts/foundations)

Join VK6FLAB on Mastodon (@vk6flab@mastodon.radio) to discuss Amateur Radio.
{{< /banner >}}

