+++
date = "2019-02-08T07:00:00-05:00"
title = "January 2019 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "K0GEF" ]
+++
* Meeting called to order at 19:02
* Introductions of members---32 members present
* Approve order of agenda

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format; some light
editing for clarity and consistency was performed. The Secretary's original
minutes document (2019-01 Minutes.docx) may be found in the
"**Committee Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA Groupware Server](https://cloud.rrra.org/). 

**Items marked with :new: have been added, corrected, or significantly
revised, pending acceptance by the Secretary**

---

## Consent Agenda 

### Secretary's report
* Motion to accept by KC0HIG
* Seconded by KC0PFS
* Motion passed

### Treasurer's report
* Motion to accept by KC0HIG
* Seconded by W0HNV
* Motion passed

### Librarian's report
* :new: Bag of old Radio Flyer magazines donated to the library

## Regular Agenda

### Committee Reports 

#### Cass RRRAES
* Don G/Mark J (neither were present)
* Don was recovering from surgery
* Mark was out of town

#### Clay RRRAES
* Seth
* Quiet December
* :new: Clay County has new Emergency Manager: [Gabe Tweten](https://mn-claycounty2.civicplus.com/directory.aspx?EID=241)

#### Technical
* Bob K
* Wheatland Repeater is dismantled and the hardware is in Bob's
possession. Antennas and feedline were abandoned as they were more
expensive to recover than to purchase new
* Discussion regarding the Wheatland situation with KC0SHM explaining
the reason for the quick retrieval of the equipment
* Proposed creating a committee later in the meeting to address all of
the repeaters.

#### Education
* Bob K
* The Extra license class is in week 3 with 6 students expected to complete
* :new: Current General license class question pool expires June 30, 2019


#### VEs
* Pete
* Testing tonight, sufficient VEs present

#### Media
* Steve K.
* :new: Website, mailing lists, and groupware server moved to DigitalOcean VPS; hosting cost $5 / month. There should be no noticable difference for users
* Motion to establish an ongoing payment of $5 / month by KC0SHM
    * Tabled by KC0ODE to determine best way to transfer funds to DigitalOcean. K0STK to report back on payment options
* :new: If you have any questions please see K0STK after the meeting or contact webmaster@rrra.org

### Old Business

#### Jingle Bell Run
* Successful event
* :new: Next year is [1st Saturday in December]({{< relref "/calendar/2019/jingle-bell-run.md" >}})

#### Christmas Party
* Good turnout
* Club received a thank you from the Dorthy Day House. $70 was donated
* Dorthy Day & Churches United are merging
* WD0EGC won the Tube

#### Ham of the Year Presentation
* K0STK was presented with the award by KC0SHM

#### New Facility Manager at MSUM Repeater Site
* W0HNV reported the MSUM repeater site in Moorhead has a new facility
manager. He is going to establish a relationship with them
* W0HNV recommended that formal Memorandums of Understanding be
established for all of our repeater equipment sites

### New Business

#### Elections
* KC0ODE asked for a volunteer election coordinator
* KC0SHM  chose to oversee elections this year
* :new: Members were reminded that dues must be current in order to vote in elections
* KC0SHM asked the present officers if they will be seeking an
additional term
    * All present agreed
    * KE0BXS was not present and it was indicated he may not want to seek an additional term as secretary
    * KC0SHM and KC0PFS were seeking a term as member-at-large

#### Repeater Committee
* KC0ODE asked for a motion to establish a Repeater Committee consisting of himself, KC0SHM, K0RQ, and W0HNV
    * Motion by KC0HIG
    * Seconded by KC0PFS
    * Motion passed

#### Request for additional new business
* by KC0ODE

### General Discussion
* Paperwork for the FCC trustee change on the club callsigns had not yet been submitted
* :new: New hamfest coordinator needed. Rental payment for the space is normally paid in February
* Bismark Hamfest is Feb 23rd
* St. Cloud Hamfest is Feb 9th

### Adjournment
* Motion by N0TSZ
* Seconded by N0IPC
* Motion passed at 19:39
