+++
date = "2019-04-04T12:58:00-05:00"
title = "March 2019 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "K0JKL" ]
+++
* Meeting called to order by Seth KD0ODE at 19:00
* Introduction of members, 39 present

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format; some light
editing for clarity and consistency was performed. The Secretary's original
minutes document (2019-02 Minutes.docx) may be found in the
"**Committee Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA File Sharing Server](https://cloud.rrra.org/). 

**Items marked with :new: have been added, corrected, or significantly
revised, pending acceptance by the Secretary**

---

## Consent Agenda 

### Secretary's report
* Anton KC0PFS noted a correction needed regarding the spelling of is last name
* Motion to accept as corrected by Anton KC0PFS
* Seconded by Brian K0GEF
* Motion carried

### Treasurer's report
* Motion to accept as written after a spelling correction by Jim N0TSZ
* Seconded by Anton KC0PFS
* Motion carried

### Librarian's report
* No updates

## Regular Agenda

### Committee Reports 

#### Cass RRRAES
* Mark KK0V
* Discussion of possible club duties in the event of major flooding in the FM area
* FM Ambulance will be the primary organization served by the RRRA - Rick Cameron at FM will be the liaison
* Cass County may be reissuing ID badges due to a software change 

#### Clay RRRAES
* Seth KC0ODE
* Working on arrangements for the possible flood fight
* Clay County Sherrif's Office will open TOC at river level 32ft and EOC at 38ft
* Hams will report to the Family Service Center in Moorhead if called upon

#### Technical
* Bob W0HNV
* Committee is surveying prospective repeater sites

#### Education
* Bob W0HNV
* The Extra license class is complete, a handful of students were present at the meeting to test
* Tech class begins April 3rd at the West Fargo Library, lasting for 6 weeks

#### VEs
* Pete WC0G
* [Testing session to be held after the March 19th meeting]({{< relref "/calendar/2019/march-testing.md" >}})
* Had a few new hams pass a test at NDSU on March 4th

#### Hamfest
* Mike NY0MN and Anton KC0PFS
* Mike NY0MN announced that the rescheduled first Hamfest committee meeting will be held at the [Moorhead Frying Pan on March 24th]({{< relref "/calendar/2019/hamfest-committee-meeting-1.md" >}})

#### Media
* Steve K0STK
* :new: Members can get their events added to the website calendar by e-mailing [webmaster@rrra.org](webmaster@rrra.org)
* :new: Demonstrated how members can sign up for the club SMS alerts by texting their call sign to [alert@rrra.org](alert@rrra.org).
* :new: See K0STK after the meeting or contact [webmaster@rrra.org](webmaster@rrra.org) if you have any questions or need help

### Old Business

#### Marathon
* Mark KC0SHM still hasn't heard anything from the committee yet, but plan on Saturday May 18th if interested in helping out
* :new: Those interested in volunteering can [sign up for the marathon email list](https://lists.rrra.org/mailman/listinfo/marathon) at lists.rrra.org.

### New Business

#### Hard Hats
 * Mark KK0V discussed having hams wear orange hard hats to identify themselves, the club still has some vests and hard hats for sale - see Lori KC0GQE

#### VOAD Membership Renewal
* Jim N0TSZ moved that the club spend $25 on dues for the RRRA Cass-Clay VOAD membership
* Seconded by Jake K0RQ
* Motion carried

#### General Discussion
* Skywarn classes coming up in April, however the flood may affect the classes; look at the website for the most up-to-date information

### Adjournment
* Motion by Jim N0TSZ
* Seconded by lAlex KB0LOL
* Motion carried
* Meeting adjourned at 19:51

