+++
date = "2022-09-18T13:05:00-05:00"
title = "August 2022 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "K0RQ" ]
+++
* Meeting called to order by President Jake K0RQ at 19:01, August 16, 2022
* 20 members in attendence

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format with some
light editing for clarity and consistency. The Secretary's original
minutes document (2022-08 Minutes.docx) may be found in the
"**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/).

---

## Consent Agenda 

### Secretary's Report 

* Motion to approve by Kent KA0LDG
* Seconded by Seth KC0ODE
* Motion carried unanimously

### Treasurer's Report

Lori amended the published report, noting the dedicated funds of \$340
for the repeater was listed twice.

* Motion to approve the Treasurer's Report as modified by Mark KC0SHM 
* Seconded by Eric KE0PJR
* Motion carried unanimously

### Librarian's Report

Lori KC0GQE had nothing to report.

## Regular Agenda

### Standing Committee Reports 

#### ARES

Seth KC0ODE reported an Auxcom class is in the process of being put
together. Seth will reach out to the Grand Forks and Bismarck clubs as
well. The simplex net on July 24<sup>th</sup> went well, participants
were able to identify needed changes for antennas, radio programing,
etc.

#### Technical

Kirk W0HNV reported the new repeaters still haven't shipped yet. Ship
date TBD.

#### Education

Kirk W0HNV reported there were four people signed up for the Tech class,
however three of them have conflicts on Wednesdays. Jay WS0Y has put the
classes online and has gotten good response to them. If there is not
enough interest for in-person classes Kirk will switch to full virtual
classes.

#### Hamfest

Anton KC0PFS reported

* Hamfest volunteers will be entered into a drawing for a yet to be
determined prize. Volunteers will get one entry per volunteer slot
filled
* Kent KA0LDG has come up with a good amount of door prizes
* Theo KE0VXA has tentatively agreed to do concessions
* There will be VE Testing at the hamfest as well
* Next meeting is August 23<sup>rd</sup> at 7pm on Zoom
* There will not be a Wouff-Hong Cermony Friday night due to lack of
interest

Steve K0STK noted there are still 27 volunteer positions open, the main
one being the ticket table.

#### VE

Pete WC0G was not present.

#### Media

Steve K0STK reported some of the web stats from the last month, the
most interesting of note is that half of the website viewers are via a
mobile device. The Hugo generator was also updated. Steve's full report
is available on the cloud website. Any questions about the website or
listserver please contact webmaster@rrra.org.

### Old Business

#### New Meeting Format

Tabled pending the outcome of the bylaw change.

#### Bylaw Change

Seth KC0ODE deferred to Mark KC0SHM who presented the working changes.
The changes are available on the club groupware site for review. Barring
any substantial changes to the presented draft this will be considered
the first reading.

#### Board Vacancy

Due to Jake K0RQ being elected as President at the June meeting, a
vacancy at Secretary was created. Eric KE0PJR stepped forward at the
July meeting but was not a club member at that time. Eric has since
brought his membership current. President Jake K0RQ called for a vote,
and Eric's nomination was approved unanimously. Thanks to Mark KC0SHM
for organizing both special elections.

### New Business

#### Christmas Party

Lori KC0GQE has scheduled the
[Christmas Party]({{< relref "/calendar/2022/rrra-christmas-party.md" >}})
for December 7<sup>th</sup> at Pizza Ranch in Dilworth starting at 5pm.
A donation will be taken for the Dorothy Day House.

#### Club Donation

The club received a donation of \$181.25 with no specific purpose. It
was decided to place the donation into the general fund.

#### Technical Committee

Seth KC0ODE requested a Technical Committee be assembled by the
President, as to comply with the pending bylaw changes and to address a
technical question that has come from ARES. President Jake K0RQ assigned
the members of the informal Repeater Committee to be part of the
Technical Committee. The new committee members are Kirk W0HNV (chair),
Jake K0RQ, Seth KC0ODE, Mark KC0SHM, and Andy KD0IOE.

#### Trailer Repairs

Seth KC0ODE moved for \$300 for the Technical Committee to purchase
three NMO mount dual-band antennas for the trailer. Kent KA0LDG
suggested the dedicated funds of \$154.93 be used for this purchase and
the rest (\$147.07) come from the general fund. Seth amended his motion.
Mark KC0SHM seconded. Motion carried unanimously.

### Good of the Order

### Adjournment

* Motion to adjourn by Kirk W0HNV
* Seconded by Seth KC0ODE
* Meeting adjourned at 19:50
