+++
date = "2022-03-09T22:09:00-06:00"
title = "February 2022 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "K0RQ" ]
+++
* Meeting called to order by President Jarod W0JPJ at 19:01, February 15<sup>th</sup>, 2022
* 21 members in attendence

<!--more-->
---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format; some light
editing for clarity and consistency was performed. The Secretary's original
minutes document (2022-02 Minutes.docx) may be found in the
"**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/). 

---

## Consent Agenda 

Secretary's Report, Treasurer's Report, and Librarian's Report were 
acted on concurrently. There was on correction reported to the minutes.

* Motion to approve by Mark KC0SHM
* Seconded by Jim N0TSZ
* Motion carried unanimously

## Regular Agenda

### Standing Committee Reports 

#### ARES

Seth KC0ODE was not in attendance.

#### Technical

Kirk W0HNV reported he is still looking into moving the former Wheatland
repeater to Grandin to get that operational. A GMRS repeater was
donated to the club that could be installed somewhere. Contact Kirk
if interested in using it. Kirk is also on the lookout for extra test
equipment for ham that took the class several years ago.

#### Education

Kirk W0HNV spoked with Jay WS0Y and his audio supplement has not added
traction to the online class. No in-person classes have been planned.

#### Hamfest

Pete WC0G was not present. Anton KC0PFS has offered to chair the Hamfest
Committee if no one else is interested. Plans will need to start being
made in the coming months.

#### VE

Pete WC0G was not present. No testing sessions are planned at this time.
Contact Pete if interested in testing.

#### Media

Steve K0STK's report is available on the cloud website. Any questions
about the website or listserver please contact webmaster@rrra.org.

### Old Business

#### New Meeting Format

This has been tabled until the bylaws can be updated.

#### Bylaw Laywer Fees

Seth KC0ODE was not present. This has been tabled.

### New Business

#### Elections

Club Elections were organized by Mark KC0SHM.

| Results         |                          |
| --------------- | ------------------------ |
| President       | Eli Koppenhaver K0PPE    |
| Vice-President  | Anton O'Neil KC0PFS      |
| Secretary       | Jake Bechtold K0RQ       |
| Treasurer       | Lori Kruft KC0GQE        |
| Member At-Large | Bob "Kirk" Kirkeby W0HNV |

### Good of the Order

* Steve K0STK offered a demonstration on how to add the RRRA calendar to
your mobile device after the meeting.

* Ivan AI1L mentioned the NDSU is slowly ramping back up. Jerry Parker
K0GPX did a tour of his shack to the students last Saturday. The
NDSU club is also in the process of moving to a new shack in the ECE
building.

### Adjournment

* Motion to adjourn by Jim N0TSZ
* Seconded by Del N0IPC

Meeting adjourned at 19:35
