+++
date = "2022-02-11T12:09:00-06:00"
title = "January 2022 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "K0RQ" ]
+++
* Meeting called to order by President Jarod W0JPJ at 19:00, January 18, 2022
* 20 members in attendence

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format; some light
editing for clarity and consistency was performed. The Secretary's original
minutes document (2022-01 Minutes.docx) may be found in the
"**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/). 

---

## Consent Agenda 

Secretary's Report, Treasurer's Report, and Librarian's Report were 
on concurrently.

* Motion to approve by Del N0IPC
* Seconded by Brad KE0LDS
* Motion carried unanimously

## Regular Agenda

### Standing Committee Reports 

#### ARES

Seth KC0ODE's full report is on the cloud website. No activities in
November or December. Seth assembled a list of ideas to work on in the
coming year.

#### Technical

Kirk W0HNV reported the old Wheatland repeater is still sitting at his
house and may be programable to the Grandin frequency. That could get us
by in the interim. Jarod W0JPJ also discussed installing a Fusion radio
at WF to allow a WIRES-X link to Grand Forks, since the Barnesville link
is gone now too.

#### Education

Kirk W0HNV reported that Jay WS0Y has prepared an online tech class and
has posted it to the website. There are no in-person classes planned for
the foreseeable future. The Maple Grove club has a Zoom class that has
just started up.

#### Hamfest

Pete WC0G reported that the down payment for the Hamfest will need to
be paid soon. This is the last year on the current contract with the
fairgrounds. The room used for testing is being converted into something
else, so a different room for testing will need to be identified. Pete
reminded that a new chairperson for the hamfest committee is needed.

#### VE

Pete WC0G reported there has not been any interest in testing. Contact
him if interested in testing.

#### Media

Steve K0STK's report is available on the cloud website. Any questions
about the website or listserver please contact webmaster@rrra.org.

### Old Business

#### New Meeting Format

Jarod W0JPJ has tabled this until the bylaws can be updated.

#### Bylaw Change Committee

Jarod W0JPJ formed a committee to review the bylaws and modernize them,
with Seth KC0ODE as chair. Seth added that he has a lawyer lined up and
has given him an estimate to complete the needed changes.

### New Business

#### Bylaw Lawyer Expenses

Seth KC0ODE moved to spend up to \$750 on legal fees to update the
club bylaws and articles of incorporation. Kirk W0JPJ seconded. Motion
carried unanimously.

#### Elections

Club Elections are next month. Mark KC0SHM will head up nominations.

### Good of the Order

* Brad KE0LDS is reaching out to Rick Cameron at Sanford Ambulance
regarding their AREDN donation and has not gotten a response.

* Kent KA0LDG was featured in a Smithsonian Channel special on the Payne
Stewart plane crash in 1999.

### Adjournment

* Motion to adjourn by Kirk W0JPJ
* Seconded by Brad KE0LDS

Meeting adjourned at 19:33
