+++
date = "2022-08-09T15:10:28-05:00"
title = "July 2022 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "K0RQ" ]
+++
* Meeting called to order by President Jake K0RQ at 19:01, July 19, 2022
* 17 members in attendence

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format with some
light editing for clarity and consistency. The Secretary's original
minutes document (2022-07 Minutes.docx) may be found in the
"**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/).

---

## Consent Agenda 

### Secretary's Report 

* Motion to approve by Mark KC0SHM
* Seconded by Kirk W0HNV
* Motion carried unanimously

### Treasurer's Report / Librarian's Report

Lori KC0GQE was not present and did not have a report.

## Regular Agenda

### Standing Committee Reports 

#### ARES

Seth KC0ODE reported a simplex net exercise will be conducted during
the Sunday Night Net on 7/24 after regular check-ins to practice
different scenarios. He is also planning a trailer exercise will be
conducted using the trailer to run the Sunday night net at some point
down the road. Seth is also looking into an AUXCOM class for the club.

#### Technical

Kirk W0HNV reported the repeaters still haven't shipped. They are
expected to ship the last week of July now. He is working on at least
getting the Grandin machine so that can be returned to operation.
Assistance will be needed to remove the Master III currently in place
at Grandin. One change with the new system is that the repeaters will
be setup to encode for tone on transmit for users that would like to
utilize tone squelch on their radio.

#### Education

Kirk W0HNV reported he contacted West Fargo Public Library and has
reserved space for an in-person Technician class that should be
completed by the Hamfest.

#### Hamfest

Anton KC0PFS reported

* He met with the RRVF regarding the tables and chairs. The club
will not need to pay for them this year. The club will need to pay
for them next year

* This is the last year on the current contract, so the club would
need to renegotiate for next year. The club is getting over a 50%
discount compared to other events held there, so a significant price
increase is expected

* Kent KA0LDG is working on door prizes once gain. Anyone interested
in donating door prizes should contact Kent

* Concessions still haven't been solidified for the Hamfest

* Given the rising costs of putting on the event, the club needs to
look at corporate sponsors to help support the Hamfest. Profit from
the Hamfest is continuing to shrink

* The Fargo Air Museum was brought up as a potential venue, but they
are starting to limit what their space is used for
    
* Next committee meeting is August 9<sup>th</sup> at 7pm on Zoom

* The room that is usually used for VE testing is not available due to
remodeling. One solution would be to start the seminars earlier and
run the VE testing later, both in the same room

#### VE

Pete WC0G reported there have been a few small test sessions. Next
scheduled session will be at the Hamfest. Pete is looking at starting
up regular testing after the Hamfest.

#### Media

Steve K0STK's report is available on the cloud website. Any questions
about the website or listserver please contact <webmaster@rrra.org>.



### Old Business

#### New Meeting Format

Tabled pending the outcome of the bylaw change.

#### Bylaw Change

Seth KC0ODE posted the proposed changes to the RRRA Groupware site.
Mark KC0SHM had additional changes to be made, which sparked a
discussion between Mark, Theo KE0VXA, and Jaret K0JDC regarding what
should actually be contained in the bylaws. After several minutes of
discussion, President Jake K0RQ tabled this discussion, and asked Mark
KC0SHM to finalize his proposed changes and send them to Seth KC0ODE
so they can be published and discussed next month.

#### Field Day

Pete WC0G reported the Sabin Field Day site had great success, most of
their contacts were on CW. Anton KC0PFS was at the West Fargo site and
reported there was an issue charging the batteries. Seth KC0ODE will
look into it.

### New Business

#### Board Vacancy

Due to Jake K0RQ being elected as President at last month's meeting, a
vacancy at Secretary was created.  Mark KC0SHM was unable to identify
any nominees for the position. Eric KE0PJR stepped forward, but he is
not currently a club member. Eric will get his membership current, and
the club can elect him next month. This was tabled to next month.

### Good of the Order

#### Night To Unite

August 2<sup>nd</sup> 5PM--8PM West Fargo. Seth KC0ODE noted that if more
people don't step up at these kinds of events, he will stop organizing
them.

### Adjournment

* Motion to adjourn by Pete WC0G
* Seconded by Seth KC0ODE
* Meeting adjourned at 20:14
