+++
date = "2022-04-14T17:51:00-05:00"
title = "March 2022 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "K0RQ" ]
+++
* Meeting called to order by President Eli K0PPE at 19:02, March 18, 2022
* 21 members in attendence

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format; some light
editing for clarity and consistency was performed. The Secretary's original
minutes document (2022-03 Minutes.docx) may be found in the
"**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/). 

---

## Consent Agenda 

### Secretary's Report

Jake K0RQ reported that last month's minutes are available on the club
website and on the cloud website.

* Motion to approve by Mark KC0SHM 
* Seconded by N0TSZ
* Motion carried unanimously
    
### Treasurer's Report

Lori KC0GQE reported that the Treasurer's Report is available on the
cloud website.

* Motion to aprove by Jim N0TSZ 
* Seconded by Tim K0CRF
* Motion carried unanimously

### Librarian's Report

Lori KC0GQE had nothing to report.


## Regular Agenda

### Standing Committee Reports 

#### ARES

Seth KC0ODE was not in attendance but did report there was no activity
this month. He is working on some training ideas now that spring is
right around the corner.

#### Technical

Kirk W0HNV reported he is still looking into getting common equipment
at each repeater location for the sake of consistency and spare parts.
Both controllers currently in use by the repeater system are obsolete.
More serious consideration should be taken for a western repeater site
to replace the old Wheatland repeater.

#### Education

Kirk W0HNV report that he and Jay WS0Y are not yet ready for in-person
classes. There has not been any interest in classes anyway, which is a
trend regionally. Kirk is open to suggestions to ways to drum up more
candidates for classes.

#### Hamfest

Pete WC0G was not present. Kent KA0LDG was asked at the Bismarck hamfest
what ARRL speaker the club might be interested in for the RRRA hamfest.
Kent suggested the club request ARRL President Rick Rodrick be a
presenter via Zoom for one of the seminars.

#### VE

Pete WC0G was not present.

#### Media

Steve K0STK's report is available on the cloud website. Any questions
about the website or listserver please contact webmaster@rrra.org.

### Old Business

#### New Meeting Format

This has been tabled until the bylaws have been changed.

#### Bylaw Laywer Fees

Seth KC0ODE was not present. Nothing has changed yet, he will connect
with Lori to get the club incorporation papers.

#### Hamfest Committee Chair

Anton KC0PFS has agreed to be chair if no one else steps up. Kent KA0LDG
suggested putting a call out on the listserver for assistance in naming
a new chair and table for next meeting. Jake K0RQ noted that tabling
may not work due to the club habitually tabling items indefinitely.
President Eli K0PPE tabled the appointment of new Hamfest chair to next
meeting and will send out an email to the listserve. Mark KC0SHM moved
to pay rent for the 2022 Hamfest (\$1100 plus \$500 deposit, \$1600
total). Kent KA0LDG seconded. Motion carried unanimously.

### New Business

No new business.

### Good of the Order

### Headwaters Rally Race

May 7<sup>th</sup> Some club members have helped with the Ojibwe
Forests Rally in the past, this is similar. Eli K0PPE will have more
information to distribute later.

#### Fargo Marathon

Scheduled for May 21st. Andy KD0IOE will eventually need around 18
volunteers. Course has not been determined. Details to follow.

#### Midwinter Madness Hamfest

Buffalo, MN on March 19<sup>th</sup>.

#### Ham of the Year

Kent KA0LDG inquired about why the Ham Of the Year award has not been
presented yet. Lori KC0GQE reported this is due to the recipient having
not been at the meeting.

#### Flood Fight Communications

Theo KE0VXA asked if the club is helping with flood communications. None
of the local agencies have activated any flood plans due to low risk of
flooding this spring.

### Adjournment

* Motion to adjourn by Kirk W0HNV
* Seconded by Lance W0LIA

Meeting adjourned at 19:30
