+++
date = "2023-01-16T08:58:00-06:00"
title = "November 2022 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "KE0PJR" ]
+++
* Meeting called to order by President Jake K0RQ at 19:03, November 15, 2022
* 26 members in attendence

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format. The
Secretary's original minutes document (2022-11 Minutes.md) may be
found in the
"**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/).

---

## Consent Agenda

### Secretary's Report

* Motion to approve by Mark KC0SHM
* Seconded by Kirk W0HNV
* Motion passed

### Treasurer's Report, Librarian's Report

* Motion to approve by Seth KC0ODE
* Seconded by ???
* Motion passed

## Regular Agenda

### Standing Committee Reports

#### ARES

Seth KC0ODE reported that ARES Meetings will now begin at 18:30 unless
otherwise announced.

#### Technical

Kirk W0HNV reported that a small group went up to Grandin to test the
installation of the new repeater. There was a significant amount of noise on
the repeater however, making communications impossible. The noise was keeping
the tone open on the repeater. A revisit was tentatively planned for
Thanksgiving weekend.

The Moorhead equipment is being worked on, and it is expected that weather
will not impede the installation. Kirk hopes to have the Moorhead repeater
installed as soon as possible. There will be an inspection of existing
equipment to verify its integrity. There is a potential feed line issue
causing performance problems in windy weather.

#### Education

Kirk W0HNV reported that paperwork for those that took the license test
recently is ready. A donation of radios was made by members of RRRA, and the
recently licensed are invited to attend our meetings. The goal is to present
the radios to those potential new members at the next regular RRRA meeting.

#### Hamfest

Anton KC0PFS reported that last week (in regards to Nov 18th) the Hamfest
Committee discussed what will be needed for the next hamfest and how the club
can move forward. The club will either need to find a new venue, or determine
if the current location at the Red River Valley Fairgrounds is worth the cost
increase.

The committee is considering the option to solicit donations for the Hamfest.
The committee would like to have a more formal way to do this. The committee
would like a formal description of the club, to include in a formal proposal
to potential donors. The committee asks the club if someone would be willing
and able to assist with this. The proposal and description could include
things like how the club is involved in the community, our repeaters, the
hamfest, and other relevant information.

The next Hamfest Committee meeting will be held December 13th 2022, at 19:00
via Zoom. If you would like to join, please send an email to the club to
request the Zoom meeting information.

#### VE

Pete W0CG reported there has not been much interest in testing recently. Pete
would like to remind everyone that if they are interested in testing feel
free to reach out to schedule a test.

Kirk W0HNV added to the report that an Extra class will be held if there is
interest. More details to come, the class would be held in 2023. It is a 10
week course and held on Wednesday nights at West Fargo public library.

#### Media

Steve K0STK reported that the media report is located on the RRRA cloud, in the
Committee and Officer Reports folder, Publications Committee, then the 2022-11
folder. If you have any questions, feel free to contact Steve K0STK at
webmaster@rrra.org

Mark KK0V added that the ARRL net page for North Dakota has the wrong
times listed for scheduled ND Nets. Steve K0STK has attempted to contact
the ND Net Manager to update this several times in multiple mediums, but
has not received a response. More efforts to contact will be made.

### Old Business

#### Bylaw Changes

Tonight is the first reading of the final draft of the proposed Bylaw Changes.
For more information, please check the RRRA Cloud under the file name 'Bylaws
Update K0STK 2022.md' to see the changes. For a detailed explanation and
presentation of the proposed changes, please view the recorded footage of the
November 18th RRRA meeting. Discussion of the bylaws begins at 29:40 in the
Facebook Recording. This recording is available on the public Red River Radio
Amateurs Facebook page.

Steve K0STK presented the changed made to the bylaws, and included detailed
explanations of the changes. The changes include but are not limited to
improvements in grammar, consistency, punctuation, and clarifications.

The bylaws will be read a final time at the next regular scheduled meeting,
January 17th, 2023 at 19:00. Barring any extraneous circumstances, the bylaws
will be voted in at the January meeting.

* Motion to acknowledge the first reading of the bylaw changes by Mark KC0SHM 
* Seconded by Seth KC0ODE
* Motion passed

### New Business

#### ARES Trailer

Mark KK0V will be transferring the ownership of the ARES trailer to the Red
River Radio Amateurs. All of the paperwork for the transfer has been
completed, but will need to be signed.

Seth KC0ODE motions to authorize the RRRA President to sign the transfer
documents. Kirk W0HNV seconds.

A brief discussion was had before voting. The valuation of the trailer is
about $49,095. The club will need to update the insurance policy to include
the trailer. The actual value as seen by insurance will likely be lower.

The clubs insurance will be to cover for when the trailer is parked. When the
trailer is being towed, the insurance of the tow vehicle will cover the
trailer as well.

* Motion to allocate up to $1000 for title transfer fees and
registration funds by Seth KC0ODE
* Lori KC0GQE confirmed that funds were available
* Seconded by Steve K0STK
* Motion passed

### Good of the Order

* The RRRA Christmas Party will be held on December 7th, at the Pizza Ranch in
Dilworth. Please bring a non perishable food item or donation for the Dorothy
Day house. Pete WC0G plans to give away 'The Tube' at the Christmas party.

## Adjournment

* Motion to adjourn by Seth KC0ODE 
* Seconded by Pete WC0G 
* Motion passed
* Meeting adjourned at 19:58


