Red River Radio Amateurs

Monthly Business Meeting Minutes

09/20/2022

-   Meeting Minutes for date September 20th, 2022

    -   Meeting Called to order By Jake K0RQ at 19:00

-   Members Roll Call

    -   20 Members in attendance

-   Bill Lippert AC0W - Plaque Presentation

    -   Bill was at the meeting to present a plaque to the club, as
        > recognition for our club being affiliated with ARRL for 50
        > years. Bill is the Dakota Division Director for the ARRL.

    -   September 27th 1969 was the clubs official affiliation date.

-   Consent Agenda

    -   Secretary\'s Report, Treasurers Report, Librarians Report

        -   Motion to approve by Kirk W0HNV

        -   Second by Jeffery KK7IX

        -   Motion Passed

-   Regular Agenda

    -   Standing Committee Reports

        -   ARES: Seth KC0ODE

            -   No ARES discussion tonight

        -   Technical: Kirk W0HNV

            -   New repeaters have had extensive bench testing,
                > particularly the Grandin repeater. The grandin
                > repeater will be going up soon, to provide better
                > communications coverage. Grandin repeater will be
                > running 25 watts of output, but is rated for 100% duty
                                > cycle at that power.

            -   Expected that this site will allow repeater use between
                > Fargo all the way to Grand Forks.

            -   There were additional items that needed to be purchased
                > to maintain existing repeater sites

                -   Kirk W0HNV made a motion to pay a bill for
                    > replacement parts, \$145.57 check to himself to
                    > reimburse these costs

                -   Second by Mark KC0SHM

                -   Motion passed

        -   Education: Kirk W0HNV

            -   Jay WS0Y will be re-doing the technician class a bit to
                > better cover a chapter. No classes scheduled as of
                > October meeting. A general class is expected to come
                > up, and an extra class beginning sometime next year
                > (2023).

        -   Hamfest: Anton KC0PFS

            -   Anton thanks everyone for their help and presence at the
                            > Hamfest. The club was able to make \$1,242.71 after
                > all expenses. The online ticket sales appeared to be a
                                > great hit, the info screens was a huge help too. We
                > hope to have more volunteers for next year.

            -   As of now, there is no secured venue for the 2023
                > Hamfest. The Red River Valley Fairgrounds are
                > adjusting their prices and will be increasing the
                > amount they charge the club. Potentially a 2-3x price
                > hike, which would require a sponsorship or some other
                > fundraising to make it affordable.

            -   The next Hamfest committee meeting will be Nov 8th via
                > zoom at 7pm.

            -   This year went well

                -   Bill AC0W asked how many people were attending,
                    > rough estimate was 150.

        -   VE: Pete WC0G

            -   No internet at the testing session at the Hamfest.
                > Unfortunately there were only 6 people testing at the
                > hamfest this year. Test interest has greatly dropped
                > around the area, many open slots for online testing.

            -   If required, tests can be given 1 at a time via zoom, as
                            > requested.

        -   Media: Steve K0STK

            -   2022-10 media folder in the Cloud, any questions email
                > steve K0STK at webmaster\@rrra.org

-   Old Business

    -   ByLaw Changes

        -   Tabled until November meeting

        -   Waiting until the next month for a first reading, if you
            > have any issues or concerns with the changes, please
            > contact Steve K0STK or Seth KC0ODE

-   New Business

    -   A group from the Twin Cities area, MN, is looking to donate a
        > mobile tower to a midwest club. If we would like to apply to
        > receive it, we need to write and submit a letter to express
        > our interest.

        -   Mark KC0SHM asked where we will put it when we are not using
                    > it, and if there is any problem with it. Mark mentioned if
                        > there would be any yearly maintenance and costs

        -   Andy KD0IOE mentioned that it should be in good shape and
            > well maintained.

        -   Lori KC0GQE mentioned we should pass on it, due to a lack of
                    > space to put it and few ideas for use.

-   Good of the Order

    -   Christmas Party

        -   Christmas party is December 7th at 5pm, the Dilworth Pizza
            > Ranch

            -   Please bring a non-perishable donation or a cash
                > donation for the Dorothy Day house

    -   The club received a donation from the estate of WA0HSU. There
        > are a few transceivers, CBs, and other various things. Steve
        > K0STK will hold onto these items for now

-   Adjournment

    -   Jake K0RQ motions to adjourn

    -   Pete WC0G moves,

    -   Kirk W0HNV seconds

    -   Meeting adjourned at 19:43
