+++
date = "2022-10-17T20:13:00-05:00"
title = "September 2022 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "KE0PJR" ]
+++
* Meeting called to order by President Jake K0RQ at 19:00, September 20, 2022
* 18 members in attendence

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format with some
light editing for clarity and consistency. The Secretary's original
minutes document (2022-09 Minutes.docx) may be found in the
"**Committee and Officers Reports | Secretary Reports**" folder on the
[RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/).

---

## Consent Agenda 

Secretary's Report, Treasurer's Report, and Librarian's Report

* Motion to approve by Kirk W0HNV
* Seconded by Pete WC0G	
* Motion passed

## Regular Agenda

### Standing Committee Reports 

#### ARES

No report; Seth KC0ODE was not in attendance.

#### Technical

Kirk W0HNV reported the first repeater has arrived and is working
great. There were some issues with over modulation, however it has
been corrected and signal reports are good. Final 3 repeaters arrived
yesterday, Sept 19th. That leaves the club with 3 functional repeaters
in use, and one as a spare. Kirk expects this will take a few days to
complete the transition from existing repeaters to the new ones. One of
the first locations will be CHS in Grandin.

No questions.


#### Education

Kirk W0HNV reported that Jay WS0Y finished the last chapter for the
technician class, and expects all students to be ready for the test on
Saturday. Hoping to plan a General class after Hamfest

#### Hamfest

Anton KC0PFS reported the Hamfest is this weekend, Sept 24th. The day
before at 12:30, folks will be meeting at diner for lunch, then going
on site at fairgrounds to begin setup of the site. Expecting to have a
few good seminars, and asking for more volunteers if possible. There is
a special prize bag as a drawing for volunteers. One volunteer sign up
gets you one ticket, drawing to be done after the end of clean up.

A wrap up meeting will take place Oct 4th on Zoom. expecting a meeting
to plan if/what the plan will be for 2023. It will be at 7pm, zoom info
to be sent out. If you are unable to attend, send an email to the group
list.

Steve K0STK added please volunteer!! There are a few spots
open. Mail to hamfest@lists.rrra.org

Gerald Parker proposed that NDSU students, with a student
membership, could get in for free, and he will pay for
their admission. Anton KC0PFS agrees this would work fine and
will be done.

Lori KC0QGE announced that a motion is required for \$500 for startup
money for general running of the hamfest

* Motion to allocate \$500 by Kent KA0LDG
* Seconded by Pete WC0G
* Motion passed unanimously

Kent KA0LDG reported there have been companies who donated things such
as pens, gift certificates, baseball caps, antennas, etc. for door
prizes. Prizes will be called all day, if the winner doesn't pick up
within about 1 hour, then it will be re-evaluated.

* Motion to allocate for \$300 allocated for
gift cards by Kent KA0LDG
* Seconded by Kirk W0HNV
* Motion passed

Kent KA0LDG mentioned that a guest speaker will be arriving, unsure if
he will make it due to the Hurricane Fiona.

#### VE

Pete WC0G reported that not too many tests have been given recently,
testing will be done at the hamfest, in person. It will all be done
online still. Hoping for a few walk-ins to make testing worthwhile. If
you are an Amateur Extra, we can always use more VEs. Testing is at noon
at the hamfest

#### Media

Steve K0STK has no report, just make sure you are on the mailing list.

### Old Business


#### Bylaw Change

Jake K0RQ would like to table

Steve K0STK, proposes some changes. Changes are posted on
the Groupware site. There have been a few revisions to
grammar, and references to meetings. Check the cloud, or
look for the email from Steve for a direct link if you are
curious. If you need help accessing the cloud, contact
Steve

Jake K0RQ encourages the club to look at the By-Laws and
make sure they agree with what has been posted. If we are
all in agreement, a first reading will be held at the
October Meeting.

Goal is to fix the bylaws now, and do it right, so we can go
through and make the effort worthwhile.

### New Business

No new business this month.

### Good of the Order

* Christmas Party will be december 7th at 5pm, located at the Pizza
Ranch in Dilworth. There is a donation of Non perishable food or cash,
to go to Dorthory Day house. This is in honor of a founding member of
the Club

* October Meeting - ARRL President will be here to present us a plaque
for 50 years of membership with ARRL. It is encouraged that all members
show up for this meeting, as it will be a major event, and will be nice
to show our appreciation

* A card was sent for a Flea Market, in Garrison City ND

### Adjournment

Jake K0RQ entertains a motion to adjourn.

* Motion by Kirk W0HNV
* Seconded by Kent KA0LDG
* Motion passes unanimously
