+++
date = "2023-01-30T09:33:38-06:00"
#publishdate = "2023-01-30T09:33:38-06:00"
title = "January 2023 Business Meeting Minutes"
categories = [ "Minutes" ]
toc = "true"
authors = [ "KE0PJR" ]
+++

* Meeting called to order by President Jake K0RQ at 19:00, January 17th, 2023
* 23 members in attendance

<!--more-->

---

These minutes have been converted to a mobile friendly format. The Secretary's original minutes document may be found in the "**Secretary Reports**" folder on the [RRRA Groupware System](https://cloud.rrra.org/).

---

## Consent Agenda

### Secretary's Report

* Motion to approve by Mark KK0V
* Second by Pete WC0G
* Motion passes

### Treasurer's Report

* No report this month

### Librarian's Report

* No report this month

## Regular Agenda

### Standing Committee Reports

#### ARES

Mark KK0V mentioned that Seth KC0ODE will be planning and setting up some training for the rest of the year. More information will come at the February meeting.

The Fargo VA has an emergency coordinator. The VA has some HF equipment, and they (the VA) is looking for someone from the club to go through the background check and, get that person allowed on the federal emergency frequencies. In turn, you will help out with HF operations at the VA.

Mark KK0V added that if you are interested in MARS, to contact Tim K0CRF. This is a good way to get into more radio outside the usual ham radio operations.

#### Technical

Kirk W0HNV mentioned there has not been any forward progress on the Grandin and Moorhead repeater sites. Grandin is postponed until weather improves, and Moorhead will hopefully be scheduled soon. He will need some help with the installation at Moorhead. Time TBD

#### Education

The Extra Class is beginning 01/18 at 18:00, at the West Fargo public Library. The room is reserved. Pete W0CG will have testing available on the last day of the class if there is interest.

There are now 620 questions in the pool. If you retest, there is a slight possibility to get the same question once more, but not likely.

There are 4-5 people interested in upgrading to Extra.

Jay WS0Y mentioned there is a general class starting February 22nd, and a Technician class starting on March 8th. These classes will be all online, and the goal is to have a large testing session for all the Extra, General, and Tech students.

Mark KK0V commends Kirk W0HNV on his excellent technical work for the club, and asked if he has been training someone to start to take over. Kirk W0HNV said that Jake K0RQ and Andy KD0IOE are very technical and can take care of the technical side of the club

#### Hamfest

Anton KC0PFS added we are 9 months away from the RRRA Hamfest, and the committee will need to start getting things done. Last year was the final contract year for the Red River Fairgrounds. Looking to determine a new location.

Next meeting February 13th tentatively, 7pm on Zoom

Anton KC0PFS asked if anyone has any ideas or venue suggestions, please reach out via email or carrier pigeon.

#### VE

Pete WC0G added there is a testing session after the meeting today. Coming soon there is someone looking to take the extra class as well. A test session is scheduled for after the next meeting in February.

The general class question pool will be changing in the next couple of weeks at the time of this meeting.

Pete WC0G added they cannot test more than 10 people at once due to time constraints.

#### Media

Steke K0STK media report is online, in the Committee and Officer Reports folder, Publications Committee, 2023-01 folder

Steve K0STK said he is looking for a couple of reporters, to collect interesting things to add to the website.

Any questions please contact Steve K0STK at webmaster@rrra.org

### Old Business

#### Bylaw Changes

The Bylaw changes are posted in the RRRA Cloud, search for the file Bylaws Update K0STK 2022-09.md

Steve K0STK presented the bylaw changes to the club. Please view the document or watch the recorded meeting via Facebook or Zoom for the detailed presentation.

* Jake K0RQ entertains a motion to approve the Bylaw Changes
* Motion by Pete WC0G 
* Seconded by Kirk W0HNV 
* Motion passes unanimously

### New Business

#### Elections

Jake K0RQ mentions that elections are at the next meeting. President, Vice President, Secretary, and Treasurer will all run again. The member at large position will be up as well.

Steve K0STK will manage the elections at the next meeting.

### Good of the order

N0TSC Visitation on the 19th 

Club dues are due by the end of this month. You can pay online with a credit card, or get money to Jake K0RQ or Lori . You can also use your banks bill pay function. 

https://rrra.org/join/index.html 

Notice: If you have not paid your dues, you cannot run for a position or vote.

## Adjournment

* Jake K0RQ entertains a motion to adjourn 
* Motion by Pete WC0G 
* Seconded by Gary KC0ARB 
* Motion passes, meeting adjourned at 19:52
